Fix remove actions for entry types in the editor (#6933)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed the wrong behavior that font size changes are not reflected in dialogs. [#6039](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6039)
- We fixed an issue where the sort order of the entry table was reset after a restart of JabRef. [#6898](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/6898)
- We fixed an issue where no longer a warning was displayed when inserting references into LibreOffice with an invalid "ReferenceParagraphFormat". [#6907](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/60907).

> - We fixed an issue where remove icon was shown for custom entry types in th editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where a remove icon was shown for standard entry types in the custom entry types dialog [6906](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6906)
```
